Add section on updating operating system (#3072)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_updating-server.adoc

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we have a pre-existing problem in this Procedure. In the disconnected update proc., we tell the user to sync 4 repos. Here, we tell them only about one and we don't even tell them to sync it. Is this alright?

Author: I think we are fine. I think we could drop from this procedure the mention of the maintenance repository because its redundant now a days.

ifdef::satellite[]
Update your connected {ProjectServer} to the next minor version.

> You can follow this process to update the underlying operating system between minor version releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow this process to update the underlying operating system between minor release versions.
```
